welcome to the man of recaps this is the
bachelor episode - last week Peter was
having an intense conversation with
Hannah brown it was although maybe I
shouldn't have let you go I still kind
of got feelings for you he invited her
to come back on the show they'll give it
another shot but obviously that doesn't
happen they're basically like yeah I
mean we kind of like each other still
but it didn't work out I think it's time
to move on so that's probably the last
we'll see of Hannah Brown this season
unless somehow the big twist they're
teasing at the end involves her it's
hard to go from that sort of a serious
talk to a fun-loving group date so
Peters like let's cancel this afternoon
I'll see you guys tonight
Peters like sorry about all that I mean
I was in love with her and so emotions
are complicated but I just want to move
on the girls though are skeptical but
they are moving on and Peter makes good
connections with some of the girls who
haven't gotten as much time yet natasha
is super cool and McKenna the fashion
blogger from Canada gets some sexy time
but the date Rose goes to Sydney she and
Peter connected she talked about how
growing up in Alabama was tough being
mixed-race back at the mansion there's
even more girls Lexi the cute redhead
has a good time with Peter and Peter
reinforces his deep connection with
Madison who he took on the 101 family
date last week but the big drama of the
episode is with Kelsey
she brought some special bottle of
champagne with her all the way from back
home to have this moment with Peter but
Hannah and finds this setup and it's
like Oh champagne let's pop this Kelsey
has a complete meltdown she's convinced
that Hannah Anne knew this was her
special bottle and she's purposely
sabotaging her Hanna's like yo they've
got champagne set up all around this
mansion like I just assumed this was one
of them her defense is totally valid
they've got another champagne set up
literally right there Peter takes Kelsey
to that one to make it up to her and as
a cutesy thing they decide to drink
straight from the bottle which leads to
this hilarious moment Oh over the face I
almost feel bad for Kelsey but on the
other hand she overreacts like crazy so
I'm just gonna laugh at her then it's
time for the rose ceremony a couple more
randos go home Peter picks Hannah and
and it looks like Kelsey's on the outs
but with the final rose he decides to
keep her too if I were the bachelor I
would want to split up any pairs causing
drama immediately but then again where's
the fun in that
the next day it's time for a fun group
date he brings them to a clothing store
revolve and based on the girls reactions
I guess it's a real cool one they get to
pick some outfits cuz
it's time for a fashion show the winner
gets a ton of new revolve clothes maybe
even more exciting than impressing Peter
the show goes on though it's a lot of
fun Hannah Ann comes out you know
wedding dress kind of a bold move some
girls are totally at home in this
challenge like the model and the fashion
blogger but Victoria does not feel as
comfortable she's not as much of an
extrovert that shines in a televised
competition like this Victoria's
freaking out backstage but she goes out
there and kills it yeah girl her second
outfit his straight-up lingerie she
shows off her rock and body and steals a
kiss from Peter
so Victoria's got her confidence back
and the final two are her and Hannah Ann
but Hannah Ann does not like losing and
she wins this one Victoria's confidence
is ruined again and she threatens to
walk off the show and based off the full
season previews looks like she's gonna
do that a few more times Victoria has a
heart-to-heart with Peter about having
this big personality is just not her but
Peter comforts her like hey I like you
for who you are so Victoria is feeling
good again and for stepping out of her
comfort zone Peter gives her the date
rose Kelsey redeems herself shows she
does know how to drink champagne it
seems like we've moved past that whole
drama but Hannah Ann's not letting it go
she tells Peter about how after the
champagne Fiasco Kelsey was bullying her
he calls and Kelsey like hey it's not
cool you're bullying and from her point
of view this is ridiculous it's Hannah
and that's the bully purposefully stole
her champagne and is now trying to twist
it around on her but Peter is totally
smitten by Hannah and he clearly
believes her so emotions in the house
are incredibly tense and that's where
this episode comes to an end
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button I'm bringing you the
best recaps of TV and movies so don't
miss out
[Music]